Umnyasha
Today we will build a constructor
Do you like to build a designer?
I am very!
So, let's begin
We will collect today
FIRE MACHINE
This is a frame, it is gray.
First we put a cabin on it.
What color is the cabin?
Correct, red!
Do you know why red?
Because
FIRE ENGINE
of red color
This is the body!
he is also red
Now we will add
service bay
tools are stored in it
This is the door
From the beginning, we will add a hose
This is an ax!
And this is a fire extinguisher
all these tools
Firefighters use when extinguishing a fire!
Now we will close our service bay.
Now add windows
they are blue
Let's see what we have left!
Add a white bar
It is paint
Now add
fire escape
Add a spotlight
How many headlights does u have
cars
There are two headlights ahead
Right guys!
Now add the wheel
Second wheel
Remember how many wheels you have
cars
Right!
Four
Now add
siren
called - Blinker!
Goodbye
machine
You went to work! Good luck to you !
Kids!
You like my
cartoon
?
Subscribe to my channel Umnyasha!